== Installers ==

gVIM Installer
http://www.vim.org/download.php

Latest 64-bit version (auto-compiled)
https://tuxproject.de/projects/vim/

=== Installation Steps ===

1. Download the "self-installing executable" from http://www.vim.org/download.php
* This is 32-bit gVIM, compiled in 2013

2. Double click gvim74.exe

3. Dialog says "This will install Vim 7.4 on your computer. Continue?"  Click Yes

4. Uninstall everything, but do not delete "C:\Program Files\Vim" because it has _vimrc
* This is a hard-linked file:  "C:\Program Files (x86)\Vim\_vimrc" <--> c:\users\d3l243\_vimrc
* Created using:

 cd C:\Program Files\Vim
 mklink /h _vimrc c:\users\d3l243\_vimrc

* This was done because gvim first looks for a _vimrc file at ~
* And also so that VisVim (for Visual Studio) could read it

5. Next the installer starts
* Use the "Typical" options (all checked except "Create .bat files", "Create plugin directories", and "VisVim Extension"

6. Change the destination folder to "C:\Program Files\Vim"
* Reason: we will replace the x86 version with the 64-bit version later

7. Download the 64-bit .7z archive from https://tuxproject.de/projects/vim/

8. Extract the files

9. Copy all of the files and paste in folder C:\Program Files\Vim\vim74

10. Start an admin-level command prompt

11. Remove the secondary stream bit (see it with "dir /r")

 cd "C:\Program Files\Vim\vim74"
 streams -s -d *

12. Double click gVim.exe in C:\Program Files\Vim\vim74

13. The program should start and report version 7.4.1089

14. Customize your _vimrc file, see folder c:\users\d3l243

15. Copy customized plugins and syntax files to  c:\users\d3l243\vimfiles

16. Edit the registry to make it so that files double clicked in explorer open in a new tab
* Go to key HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\Applications\gvim.exe\shell\edit\command and set the Value Data to

 "C:\Program Files\Vim\vim74\gvim.exe" --remote-tab-silent "%1"


== Plugins ==

Automatic reload of modified Vim scripts
http://peterodding.com/code/vim/reload/
See also: http://github.com/xolox/vim-reload

Unzip the most recent ZIP archives of the vim-reload and vim-misc plug-ins 
inside your Vim profile directory (usually this is ~/.vim on UNIX and
 %USERPROFILE%\vimfiles on Windows), restart Vim and execute the command
 :helptags ~/.vim/doc (use :helptags ~\vimfiles\doc instead on Windows)

Vim-misc: Required by reload.vim
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4597

Xolox: required by reload.vim
https://github.com/xolox/vim-reload

MRU: Display selectable list of Most Recently Used files
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=521

ScrollColors: Easily scroll through color schemes
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1488

VIM-Airline
http://vimawesome.com/plugin/vim-airline-sad-beautiful-tragic
 git clone https://github.com/bling/vim-airline

== Syntax Files ==

txt.vim
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1532

mediawiki.vim
https://github.com/chikamichi/mediawiki.vim/blob/master/syntax/mediawiki.vim
(click on Raw)

== Color Schemes ==

http://vimcolors.com/?utf8=%E2%9C%93&bg=light&colors=gui&order=newest

 git clone https://github.com/flazz/vim-colorschemes.git ~/.vim

